##Taints and Tolerations
 Taints:
      1)Taints will be applied to the Nodes.
      2)use this command to taint the node
        kubectl taint node <node_name> key=value:Effect
      3)we have different effects like
        1)NoSchedule
        2)NoExecute
 Tolerations:
      1)Tolerations will be mentioned in the pod/manifest file.
      2) operator has two values like
        1)Equal: should provide both key:value in the toleration sec while creating pod.
        2)Exists: only key field will be enough value filed field can be ignored in the toleration sec while creating pod.


Example case:
..Assume you have a node named "my_node" and a nginx pod.
  1)Taint the node like as follows:
    kubectl taint node my_node app=engine:NoSchedule
  2)create the pod manifest file as follows:
    apiVersion: v1
    Kind: Pod
    metadata:
      name: my_app
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: nginx
          image: nginx
      tolerations:
        - key: app
          operator: Equal
          value: engine
          effect: NoSchedule
   ((NOSCHEDULE)):   This means that no pod will be able to schedule onto my_node unless it has a matching toleration.
   
   
   ((NOEXECUTE)):   Normally, if a taint with effect NoExecute is added to a node, then any pods that do not tolerate the taint will be evicted immediately, 
                    and pods that do tolerate the taint will never be evicted. However, a toleration with NoExecute effect can specify an optional tolerationSeconds 
                    field that dictates how long the pod will stay bound to the node after the taint is added. For example,

      tolerations:
      - key: "key1"
        operator: "Equal"
        value: "value1"
        effect: "NoExecute"
        tolerationSeconds: 3600
      means that if this pod is running and a matching taint is added to the node, then the pod will stay bound to the node for 3600 seconds, and then be evicted. 
       If the taint is removed before that time, the pod will not be evicted
          




Note: However taints and tolerations doesn't gurantees that the pod will be placed on right nodes.
    
